Added MigrationWindow Tool (#7006)
microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: Documentation/Tools/MigrationWindow.md

# Migration window

As the MRTK undergoes changes, some components might get deprecated and replacements will get introduced. 
The migration window is a tool that helps users to automatically migrate a subset of those deprecated components to the new replacements.

![Migration window](../../Documentation/Images/MigrationWindow/MRTK_Migration_Window.png)

## Usage

> To open the window, select *Mixed Reality Toolkit->Utilities->Migration Window*. Once the migration window is open, the selection mode navigation tabs can be enabled by choosing the component specific implementation of the migration handler.  

Reviewer: nit: to keep with convention of docs

```suggestion
To open the window, select *Mixed Reality Toolkit* > *Utilities* > *Migration Window*. Once the migration window is open, the selection mode navigation tabs can be enabled by choosing the component specific implementation of the migration handler.  
```

> ![Migration selection modes](../../Documentation/Images/MigrationWindow/MRTK_Migration_Modes.png)

Reviewer: nit: can't this be ../Images/blah? same with others

### Object mode
Selecting the objects tab enables the object Field to where the user can drag and drop any Game objects from the currently open scene or prefabs from the project folder to be migrated.
Pressing the remove *(-)* button displayed at the right side of the listed object removes the object from the selection list.

Once all the desired objects are in the list, pressing the *Migrate* button will apply the changes required by the chosen migration handler implementation to all components in the selection that match the implementation.

![Selection migration](../../Documentation/Images/MigrationWindow/MRTK_Object_Migration.png)

### Scene mode
Allows user to drag and drop scene assets containing objects to be migrated.

![Selecting scenes for migration](../../Documentation/Images/MigrationWindow/MRTK_Scene_Selection.png)

### Project mode
Pressing the *Migrate* button will update the component targeted by the migration handler implementation for all prefabs and scenes in the project.

> ![Migrating a complete project](../../Documentation/Images/MigrationWindow/MRTK_Project_Migration.png)

Reviewer: I would also consider adding 

## See also

section with maybe links to our upgrade guide or latest mrtk release etc

# Migration Window

> When SDK components get obsolete and need upgrade, large projects might require an upgrade tool to allow user controlled Migration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When SDK components get obsolete and need upgrading, some projects might require an upgrade tool to allow user controlled migration.
```

Reviewer 2: I may also think about rewording this more along the line of:

As the MRTK undergoes changes, some components may be deprecated and replacements will get introduced. Consumers may will need to migrate to those new replacements, and the Migration Window is a tool that helps to automatically migrate a subset of those changes.

Reviewer 2: Or something else I dunno English isn't my first language.

Reviewer 3: i thought it is :O

### Object Mode
Selecting the Objects tab, enables the Object Field to where the user can Drag and Drop any Game Objects from the currently open Scene or Prefabs from the Project folder to be Migrated.
Pressing the Remove *(-)* button displayed at the right side of the listed object removes the object from the Selection list.

Once all the desired objects are in the list, pressing the *Migrate* button will apply the changes required by the chosen Migration Handler implementation to all components in the selection that match the implementation.

![Selection Migration](../../Documentation/Images/MigrationWindow/MRTK_Object_Migration.png)

### Scene Mode
Allows user to Drag and Drop Scene Assets containing objects to be Migrated.

![Selecting Scenes for Migration](../../Documentation/Images/MigrationWindow/MRTK_Scene_Selection.png)

### Project Mode
Pressing the *Migrate* button will update the component targeted by the Migration Handler implementation for all Prefabs and Scenes in the Project.

![Migrating a complete Project](../../Documentation/Images/MigrationWindow/MRTK_Project_Migration.png)

> [!NOTE]

> > Migration of custom Components require implementation of the IMigrationHandler interface specific for the Component.

Reviewer 2: Similar comment for the code part - if this is intended for the a user of the migration window, consider what the user will actually do with this - do we want them to build an IMigrationHandler interface?

Or do we want to just tell them that this is how it works, and then only the things that have migration handlers will be migrated.
